go crazy﻿ That doesn't seem right!! Brilliant !! It not an iPhone ! it's not a windows .. its a Nexus .. an unmodified Nexus ;) Anti IT conspiracy of Corporate America﻿ Sounds like fun﻿ lol another time waster !﻿ ﻿loooooooooooooooool﻿ via Meanwhile in Australia. Thee Google experience !! looool If Aperture Laboratories really existed, this is exactly the kind of thing they'd make… which is to ... The world's first "smartphone satellite" is to be launched into space at the end of the month. A Google... Sheldon quotes... :D #bigbangfriday The gangs all here! #twt Desperate For An Answer. Sometimes I can't believe I just spelled a tricky word right that I go back and mess it up just to make sure the spell checker is still working!
Feels good to be back :) — in Brisbane, Australia.
Pretty exciting stuff happening with the Car Nanodegree, totally worth the time and money, you might get to try your software on Udacity's custom built car and see it in action!!!
The worst part of being pulled over is watching all those trucks, busses and RVs - that you've put so much effort in overtaking -just drive by while you sit there in shame!
The officer must have seen that in my eyes, probably why he let me go with a warning
Pixar story artist Mathew visited us at Udacity today to teach us the art of story telling. Very inspiring and a step towards creating the best courses in the world.
There's no stopping this guy, SpaceX is back!
It's cheaper to uber than drive ur own car in brisbane !! 
Just watched The Office finale .. Loved that show till the end
This is incredible !!! Well done NASA
Question: When a robot delivers your pizza, what kind of tip do you give it?
Falcon 9 remains on the ground .. I however had to fly back ! — at Kennedy Space Center.
Waiting for the falcon 9 rocket launch .. weather isn't perfect, but launch is still a go with a 60% chance (how do they come up with these numbers !!)
Because life is too short ..
Animal style ... because, America ! — at In-N-Out Burger 
CuriosityStream, Netflix for the Brain :)
Nothing beats Egyptian food.
So it seems like banks are too desperate .. if you call to cancel your credit card they will beg u, offer to waive any annual fees and now they would give you extra qantas points as well!! isn't life great in Australia
The amazing Zipf's law
It's scary when you hear Adele (26 years old) say "back then when we were younger" .. makes you feel really old!
But again she also thinks that California is 1 million miles away from London .. so what does she know !
Internet's down ? no problem ... Google Chrome's Offline Dinosaur Game!
I have proof that Koalas can exceed their average speed of 2 meters per year !
Google just made a new company and practically bought itself !
Need some real random numbers ? there u go ..
I think there's an important word missing from the English dictionary .. It should replace "Sorry" when we don't really mean it but want to show compassion .. like "I'm sorry you're so stupid" or "sorry, but I totally disagree with you". I suggest "Norry", it's perfect because is rhymes with sorry and sounds like no worries but secretly saying "no, I'm not sorry" .. I wonder if it will catch on !
Everytime someone tells me they're concerned about AI and robots being smarter than us I show them a few videos from robocup ..Don't worry guys ..we're safe
As kids, we had so many "why" questions .. We stopped asking them not because we got the answers, but because we never do !
Rule # 1: Follow the evidence wherever it leads.
Rule # 2: If you have a theory, you need to be willing to try to prove it wrong as much as you try to prove that it's right.
Rule # 3: The ultimate arbiter of truth is experiment, not the comfort derived from a priori belief, nor the beauty or elegance ascribed to one's theoretical model
... Welcome to the world of science ...
Since we're in the middle of a freedom hype, I'm thinking of starting a campaign against traffic fines .. "Freedom of Speed" as I like to call it .. the next time a police officer pulls me over to show me my excessive speed on his radar gun, I'll admit it, then look to him in the eye and say: "But did you die ?!"
Would you trust someone enough to do this?
FYI everyone .. my birthday is coming up soon ..
Alan Turing's original paper on the imitation game (1950)
Learning to code can help you land ANY job
A fear of heights is illogical .. a fear of falling however is prudent and evolutionary 
I remember a time when if a land-line caller doesn't hangup after a call; the line will remain occupied until he does, rendering both sides of the line busy and dysfunctional! It was horrifying, scary enough that it was adapted in many thrillers where an intruder would call the victim and not hang up blocking them from calling the police or (anyone for that matter) no matter how many times the poor victim anxiously taps the switch (which they always do) realizing their predicament and finally facing their inevitable gruesome death that awaited them .. all because a lazy engineer didn't think his design through !!!
Why do Java developers wear glasses? cause they don’t C# ;)
So I was like yeah lets watch House MD on Netflix .. and then suddenly I end up watching an episode that I have never seen before !!! can you believe that .. it was like coming back from the dead
When your dive buddy makes this signal.
This is actually brilliant !!
One day ...
Machine Intelligence will never have the creativity to exterminate us like they do in movies.. But they can certainly watch those movies! So STOP GIVING THEM IDEAS!
Didn't see that one coming !
Un freaking believable !!!!!!!
Great effort from Tahrir Academy
Finally! .. I'm deeply embarrassed and ashamed of what my country has turned out to become after everything it's been through.
Just consider how long it took for a single innocent journalist with world wide attention to be released.. Now think of the thousands of innocent people still imprisoned! — feeling hopeless.
A million dollars isn't cool .. you know what's cool ?! 10 billion dollars
Google's epic space documentary ..
Dear Brissie friends .. I'm offering my dear Mitsubishi Magna for Sale .. perfect for travelers who want to drive around Australia during the Christmas break .. special discount if it comes through a friend
If everyone did this .... umm .... there will be a lot more ducks in this world
Tell your grandkids to tell THEIR grandkids to throw Pluto a birthday party.
If a movie managed to keep me awake all 3 hours .. it deserves a 9/10
For when you have nothing better to do lol